# Changes and Justifications

Based on the user feedback from usability testing for the FUSS website, several changes can be made to improve the user experience. Although single ease and system usability questions indicate that users generally had a fluid and positive experience performing tasks, observations show that there were some clear pain points and parts that users struggled on. Most of these include some sort of bad or non-existent user feedback for task completion and confusing naming conventions and placements of elements that made it harder for users to complete intended tasks.

Login and signup input boxes have issue where you need to click to the side of the placeholder text and can't click on the placeholder text. This issue seemed to be an annoyance that multiple users ran into when testing the FUSS website. The issue stems from the dynamic effect when users click on the input box, which instead of removing the placeholder text, it instead jumps above the input box. By removing the dynamic effect and using the standard placeholder text within the HTML element, it'll resolve this issue.

A minor bug where users couldn't enter non-integer types of numbers for FUSS credit amounts for a skill listing was also found. Although the database and other parts of the site support floating-point types for FUSS credit balances, the HTML input field doesn't allow users to enter those floating point types. To fix this, we can adjust the *step* attribute of that input tag to allow for floating-point types of input.

The admin dashboard also wasn't distinct enough from other nav-bar elements for users to clearly know where it was and resulted in users taking more time than needed to find the admin dashboard. This fix will just require some styling to make the admin dashboard more distinct from other elements on the page. In addition, another more clear element separate from the nav-bar could be used to take users to the admin section of the site.

The skill share area and its naming conventions also proved to be a point of confusion for users during testing, multiple users were unclear on affordances based on the names of different areas. The combination of it being the largest drop-down menu and having a confusing naming convention that leads to false affordances. The solution is to overhaul the naming convention for this area and possibly to break up the skill area into two distinct areas, one for a users' own skills and another for managing skills they seek.

Overall, users seemed to enjoy using FUSS and navigating the site. Most of the identified issues came down to annoyances and inconveniences instead of site breaking bugs. This in mind are demographics were exclusively university students with experience in using web applications. Further testing on a more diverse demographic may yield different results and find issues that weren't uncovered yet.